Good afternoon today
hello yes hello
you have a flag in the background
Yes,
what does it mean it means the flag of the
state of Ukraine
it was straight but in fact the flag
does not mean anything There is no official
interpretation in the Constitution it just says
a flag of blue and yellow stripes And here
you have a flag  What does it also
mean? It means nothing, yes. Here
you are. How did you want everyone to
live in one place again
and there would be pluses and minuses.
provocative
phrases I'll tell you about the USSR
Let me compare the
concept of a country of
love to a country
just what year were you born
75 I'm 81 these you lived for 16 years in the USSR
Tell me what plus you saw in the USSR during these 16 years
I know that you were satisfied So Tell me
what you are  were pretty What are the advantages What kind of
computer did you have by the way here
Well computer 92 I went yes after And
during the USSR What kind of
Americans did you have decaying there were all sorts of
Apple IBM and what kind of Soviet
Union
you had Compare the average world itself
understood well let's  so let's compare with
some not the greatest, for example,
Czechoslovakia Yes, what chewing gum
survived in the Soviet Union they
forgot to get to know each other
just well,
I will say differently
that you are proud of toilet paper
when the family is a
simple family Folder mom son Yes And now
Folder mom works and let's say to the son  you
can send a camp to St. Petersburg
imagine this situation, I
understand correctly,
I understand correctly that now in
Russia the camps have banned children's toys
have closed everything there are no circles
What circles did you go to as a child,
how can I say Of course the circles were not
banned What circles did you go to as a
child here  I went to a
radio operator, went to chess, went shorter
to a designer
Well, okay On what Soviet
macrame
I then I Doll bottles
then I participated in ballroom dancing How would
there be clubs of interest, therefore,
as a resident of the city of Izhevsk, I took first
place in the city of Izhevsk, here in the
third  class Sorry, too,
the category was the first in chess
I like it, we only went to macromass
twice, only my neighbor and I
went I was in the fifth sixth grade to
see if we could
stay part of the
shelter to get acquainted to
sit
me
father in the fourth grade gave
it’s better for ballroom dancing, he’s better there, folk ballroom
dancing. I tried a quarter, it’s not
mine. In short, all the dances. It’s not us,
bottle
sheathing.
knitting needles and a crochet hook type taught
Yes Why exactly bottles you owe Well, you
need some form usually taken
or a bottle or some form would usually be
removed here and what that is, besides this, apart from
other forms, basically the bottle
was distributed in Russia Yes No There
how would they take a form for toys, that is,
either eat or a bottle or make a makb
so that there are more such toys,
these are the
toys, I’ll refuse Wolf Yes, you
go there with your hand Yes, there is a finger
you press and his mouth opens Yes
macrame ears are everything and there is a puppet theater
for children shows you say seventh
grade In the meantime, the third grade
seventh grade to show a play for the
third grade we were proud of our
country were
not proud it was interesting to everyone it was interesting
what they were proud of what was good in the USSR
can you say you
think that the child
[music]
In what sense  where are you, how do you
tell the process of buying clothes. Here you
went to a supermarket with your mother,
for example, you chose different options. Jeans
there are different options for school uniforms. Yes, there are
no
shirts.
was Why there
were queues then,
like they were
thrown on the counter
and there
was a shortage of clothes or a shortage
Unfortunately,
that all the school had clothes I don’t know,
I haven’t seen a child’s head in any school now,
in my city,
look, it turns out that you buy
what kind of pants  Yes, which are
half a meter longer and mom will need to roll up.
Stood in line, for example, there for 8 hours. Yes,
because she throws something on the counter.
Excuse me, please, it was different for you.
Yes, we had the same garbage.
so what was the good thing about
that scoop of the [ __ ]?
some kind of research, unfortunately,
we don’t have enough intelligence to understand
who is doing research on the advantages of the USSR,
that is, you and I, our intelligence is not
enough to understand what the plus was. I am the USSR.
you studied capitalism
and everything I am an expert in this it was impossible there was
a lot of all sorts of crap there were problems
but what was good what was a
pancake and what was bad it was
garbage was good what was
at that time I was a child
up to 16 years old lived in the USSR
kiwi, that is, instead
of  to pay a normal
salary and once every 20 years
we had a Moskvich, we went
south to the
south on Sunday, we had a
rest on Sunday But why now, for example, you
can go south, for example,
now people I go people go my mother
my mother When the Soviet Union did not  I could
go like this Well, in a hotel
Now maybe Why can’t I work like that
and hotels are dogea became people who
can go to the hotel really dofiga
before one or two hotels stand there
for foreigners And now there are a lot of guests
We in those days were layer layer not  below
average
Who was the third layer they or pay off
in the Soviet Union everyone was smeared with the same layer
Hello
And who was in the Soviet Union then the
middle layer was an
ordinary hard worker
was 90 120 150 170 thousand, that's who
earned literally 170 240 It was the
middle class Well, that
is, they
earned on, say Damn  I was with a child,
I just remember these data, you know, this is
my favorite question, I want to
understand, can you tell me
what kind of
toilet paper did
you have?
newspaper True or
known I liked it more for toilet
paper
I live Udmurka with us
That is, it turns out that you
lost your ass with newspapers for 16 years of your life you
had to do this in the Soviet Union because
I tell you Don’t ass I play happiness
Look now in the ass
That is, for example, happiness is not  in the ass
that Gagarin flew into space ass can
wipe himself with newspapers but Gagarin flew into
space
I explain I lived in a country I don’t understand
those times
that could not produce toilet
paper for their people
You are a [ __ ] No
in the first class
Why couldn’t
you  there are children There is
another country you can I will tell you about you
won’t go for free And where Where did you
go for free Where did
we send Yerevan to this
there We went to the sofa this is the
same country
we were sent there as a team from
the school
and toilet paper Why  the sky Why did you
go to the chess competition
you came in you sat thinking for an hour you wanted to
take a [ __ ]
Why did
you understand
the schoolchildren Well
in short ass Why
so Why the Soviet Union could
bring kids
But you know if it’s so principled
only if there is an answer I won’t give
you you can cut it precisely from-  for one
little garbage he said
you know why you know
why there was no toilet paper in the
Soviet Union
Because because it was all allowed to the
top of the Communist Party and the Communist Party [ __ ] up
damn it
Like it just hard
YouTube driving us through Georgiev’s car into a
shadowban and the rich look is not
shown to people in  privately,
information about streams is shown in
order to make it a little operational animal
Sign right at a time and try there in a
kilogram about Krim video
information and we would bring you attramats
on a stylish
operational star it’s not working Total
type like you YouTube Glory to Ukraine